---
title: 'What is Koywe?'
sidebarTitle: 'Overview'
description: 'Koywe is access and infrastructure for crypto in Latinamerica.'
---

### Demo video

Take a look at Koywe's purchasing flow in a minute and a half!

<iframe
  className="w-full aspect-video"
  src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3Idumr8KGvI"
  title="Koywe Flujo Completo"
  frameborder="0"
  allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share"
  allowfullscreen
></iframe>

<sub>Demo video of the complete flow when buying crypto on Koywe</sub>

### Why Koywe Came About

The list of issues we face as a society is long: poverty, hunger, climate
change, centralization, quality education, social cohesion, and more.

**How can we change the way we solve these issues? How can we organize
differently?**

At Koywe we want to help try proposed models of change, new economies that are
looking to balance sustainability with an equivalent economic growth. We believe
crypto-based and blockchain technologies present great alternative ways of
organizing, and new incentives that help us act better to start solving these
issues in the best of ways.

[Koywe](https://koywe.com) is infrastructure so that Latinamerica can become a
relevant actor when it comes to these models, giving easier access to more
people, and letting new business models use blockchain as one of their
foundation pillars.

The Koywe is a
[tree native to the Patagonia](https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nothofagus%5Fdombeyi)
that can withstand even the harshest winters. Our clients are entrepreneurs that
want to be like the Koywe, that want solid ventures, want to develop new
scalable business and use cases, with a clear mission, who also want to
revolutionize their industries. We want to help them create an interconnected
forest through blockchain.

#### A message from our founders:

<br />

<iframe
  width="753"
  height="424"
  src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/KXZDRw9UBwM"
  title="Koywe Intro"
  frameborder="0"
  allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share"
  allowfullscreen
></iframe>

<sub>Fun fact: This is the video we used when applying to YC</sub>

### What Koywe Came About For

Koywe is services and interface that make it easier and simpler to buy and sell
crypto in Latinamerica for the fairest price while using local currency and
payment methods.

We're not a wallet or custodial, we're not an exchange, **we're infrastructure
that connects** the traditional financial world to crypto.

Take a look at our use cases section to get a better idea of the things you can
do with Koywe. Even so, there's no limit! We'll do all we can to help you
empower your business through these new technologies.
